Basic things that need to be done.
	Termcap or terminfo support for keybindings (do we really need this?).
	Backgrounding of commands with job control (pause/resume/kill).
	Fix window resizing (I think it's almost done).
	Handle commands that are too long to be passed directly to the shell
        (I think this can be done with xargs).
	Make ga work in background.
	Think about good key for creating links (like pl in ranger, al, rl).
    Rename files in Trash.
    Make :ch +x work like :!chmod +x %f. Create Change dialog and add :chmod,
        :chown commands.
    Better C command. Handle situation when destination already exists.
    Make child processes continue working after vifm shutdown.
    Ctrl-C on error message before vifm start should skip all error messages
        until startup process will be finished.
    Add :filetype command (separate programs and viewer).
    Make ~user_name/ work.
    Implement :find command.
    An option to choose shell.
    Make l key handle selection.
    :filter? to display it's current value.
    %something for absolute filenames.
    :file menu, l on FUSE command.
    Skip all directories in history that doesn't exist.
    Expand macros for builtin commands.
    More states for permissions dialog (maybe 'f', 'd').

Documentation.
	Better documentation.
    Document :ls command (for screen program).
    Document using P to move files on fs different from where /home is.

Vi(m) specific features that need to be added.
	Finish implementing range and count for user commands.
        Add support of count for command line commands (:y4, :d2).
	Fix '' to go back to all jumps G gg links (in one directory?).
	Change file list filters to use fold levels instead of just
		the dot filter and regular expression filter (what does this mean?).
	Add set values completion for :set command (there are no such options yet).
	Add 'smartcase' option.
	Add :s/pattern/replace/ command.
    Add 'vifminfo' option.  This removes 'savelocation' option and moves FILTER.
    Add something ('freezmarks' option ?) to prevent user loose his bookmarks 
        accidentally.
    Add one more color to color scheme for error messages in status bar.
    Add aliases for options (like 'go' for 'guioptions' in Vim).
    Add 'confirm' option.
    Add :unmap commands.
    Add :noremap commands.
    Some kind of selection mode (multible blocks, mixing).
    Generalize gv to work with t selection.
    Add :mksession command and 'sessionoptions' option.
    Add 'vifminfo' option.
    Save active pane (with positions) on exit (session and vifminfo).
    Make directory history persistent (session and vifminfo).
    Make command line history persistent (session and vifminfo).
    Make search history persistent (session and vifminfo).
    Make dirstack persistent (session and vifminfo).
    Save registers (session and vifminfo).
    Remove :cmdhistory and change :history to work like in Vim.
    :registers "a ...
    :highlight command.
    Better registers support.
    <up>, <down> through history like in Vim.
    :$ in the menus (check other command like this one).
    ctrl-u, ctrl-d, ctrl-e, ctrl-y, H, L, M, zz, zt and zb in the menus.
    'hlsearch' option.
    'letter as a selector.
    File completion like command completion.
    Fix :cd .. or more generally :cd .foobar
    :cd ~<tab> -> :cd ~/
    \ at the start of line.
    :delete reg count

Possible things to add.
	Use system wide mimetypes file. /etc/mailcap?
    Use mimetypes in FILETYPE.
	Virtual File System - currently vifm can use fuse to mount most
		file systems.
    Add a command to copy current pane location into X11 clipboard.
	Add mouse support.
	View of directories.
    Swap names of two files (selected or given as arguments).
    Add :mark command.
    Invert selection?
    :g = grep :g! = grep -v
    :filter! pattern same as :filter pattern | invert, and :filter! = :invert
    :history without duplicates.
    Make :undolist more interactive.
    A :restart function to reload everything.
    Maybe something like :g/.../ and :v/.../ in Vim.
    Add g/ and g? commands (search, but don't select files).
    Reverse searching  (/ for search, g/ for selecting, g!/ for selecting
        reverse)
    Improve sorting ('sort' and 'gsort'; ignore case).
    Reset options to it's default value (from docs) with set option&.
    :locate without arguments repeats last search.
    :cd [dir1] [dir2]; :cd! dir equivalent to :cd dir dir; or :gcd
    Replace /home/my_login by ~ in view title.
    cl key to modify links
    cw = :rename on a selection.

Vim plugin
    Choose between one and two pane view on startup somehow.
    Handle l when more then one file selected.
    Look at the Ranousse patch for tabs.
    Make :edit work like l (and support multiple files).
    Problems with filenames containing spaces.

Other (questionable) things.
    %i macro to prompt user for input.
    Don't wrap command history (what about an option for this?).
    Maybe inotify support on Linux.
    Add ... at the end of a title or always add it in the middle
    Command like ' but that executes bookmark ?
    Maybe we shouldn't clear screen on exit and add a command to view screen ?
    Rename pauseme to vifm-pauseme to avoid possible conflicts ?
    Completion for co and cg commands ?
    Directory create command ?
    Summarize size of selected files.  Need to decide to display it.
    Add support for comments at the end of line ? Just for fun?
    Make directory stack menu interactive ?
    With undo groups we can not only join commands, but maybe implement
        something like transaction rollback.  Or maybe better to leave this
        for user, he could always press u himself.
    Maybe add + and - commands to undo by commands, not command groups.
    :sellocal command.
    :split directory
    Highlight for view window (see ranger).
    Remove items from :cmdhistory ?
    Option with format of statwin.
    Filetype support for directories.
    :edit, etc. in menus.
    :alias
    Like g. but to select just pasted files.

Code improvements.
    Move completion code from cmdline to a separate file.
    Write more tests.
    Add function like status_bar_message() but with format and varargs.
    Think about escape_filename and it's len argument.
    Rename exec_* to something.
    Use regexps for filetypes.
    Add log.
    Stay at the same file in some cases (on directory change and somewhere
        else were too).
